His name is Rio and he watches from the stand.

Sunday, Monday, Habib Beye. Tuesday, Wednesday, Habib Beye. Thursday, Friday, Habib Beye. Saturday, Habib Beye, rockin' all week with you!

When you're sat in row Z, and the ball hits your head, that's Zamora, that's Zamora Brighton fans: When the ball hits the goal, It's not Shearer or Cole, It's Zamora. 

We've got Di Canio, You've got our stereos.

We love our, Itsy Bitsy, Teeny Weeny, Baldy-headed Warren Feeney.

He's fast, he's red, he talks like Father Ted, Robbie Keane. 

Your teeth are offside, your teeth are offside, Luis Suarez, your teeth are offside.

You should have stayed on the telly.

Deep fry yer pizzas, we'e gonna deep fry yer pizzas.

Chelsea, wherever you may be, keep your wife from John Terry.

John Carew, Carew. He likes a lap-dance or two. He might even pay for you. John Carew, Carew.

Fat Eddie Murphy, you're just a fat Eddie Murphy. 

You only live round the corner. 

Here's to you Asmit Begovic, City loves you more than you will know, woaaaahhhh. Here's to you Asmir Begovic, City loves you more than you will know, woaaaahhh.

Park park wherever you may be, you eat dogs in your country, it could be worse, you could be scouse, eating rats in your council house.

There's only one Emile Heskey, one Emile Heskey. He used to be shite, but now he's all right, Walking in a Heskey wonderland.

He's red, he's sound, he's banned from every ground, Carra's dad, Carra's dad.

Don't blame it on the Biscan, don't blame it on the Hamann, don't blame it on the Finnan, blame it on Traore. He just can't, he just can't, he just can't control his feet.

There's only one Carlton Palmer, and he smokes marijuana. He's six foot tall and his head's too small, Livin'in a Palmer wonderland!

It's just like watching The Bill!

You're shish, and you know you are!

Who let the frogs out, who who who who.

Podolski to the left of me, Walcott to the right, here I am, stuck in the middle Giroud.

He's bald, He's red, He sleeps in Fergies bed. Howard Webb, Howard Webb.

The city's all yours, The City's all yours, While we're in Europe, The city's all yours.

U-N-I-T-E-D That spells fuckingg debt to me. With a knick knack paddawack give a dog a bone Ocean Finance on the phone.

His name’s a department store. You know he’s gonna score.

Nemanja, whoooah, Nemanja, whoooah, he comes from Serbia, he'll fucking murder ya.

Stand up if you pay your tax.

No Woodman, no cry.

There's only one Emile Heskey, One Emile Heskey. He used to be shite, But now he's all right, Walking in a Heskey wonderland.

You’re supposed to, You’re supposed to, You’re supposed to be at home, You’re supposed to be at home.

He’s big, he’s red. His feet stick out the bed. Peter Crouch, Peter Crouch.

Jose Fonte, baby Jose Fonte, wo-oh-oh-oh

Rafa’s got his Dirk Kuyt, Rafa’s got his Dirk Kuyt, Nah nah nah nah.

Fergie, Fergie, sign him up!

N’Diaye-e-i will always love you-oo-oo-oo-ou!

There’s only two Andy Gorams! Two Andy Gorams! There’s only two Andy Gorams! Two Andy Gorams!

He cheats, He dives, He hates the Jackson Five, Luis Suarez, Luis Suarez.

We like Van Dijk

He's fast, he's red, he talks like Father Ted, Robbie Keane

Ole's at the wheel

He's Brazilian. He only cost £50 million. And we think he's fucking brilliant. Richarlison.

We've got Salah. Oh Mane Mane. And Bobby Fir-mi-noooo. And we've sold Coutinho.

Oh, Harry Maguire's magic. He wears a magic hat. And if you throw a brick at him. He'll head the fucking back. He heads it to the left. He heads it to the right. And when we win the Euros we'll sing this song all night!




